Update model.md (#17846)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/razor-pages/model.md

<!-- In the next update on the CLI version, let the scaffolder do the same work the VS driven scaffolder does. That is, create the DB context, etc -->

> In this section, classes are added for managing movies. The app's model classes use [Entity Framework Core (EF Core)](/ef/core) to work with the database. EF Core is an object-relational mapping (ORM) framework that simplifies data access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, classes are added for managing movies. The app's model classes use [Entity Framework Core (EF Core)](/ef/core) to work with the database. EF Core is an object-relational mapper (O/RM) that simplifies data access.
```
